Title: About Us - Natures Boon

URL: https://naturesboon.net/about-us/

About Us				
				
					
		
					
		
					
		
					
		
				
							
							
					
			
						
				
					AboutUs				
				
				
						
					
			
						
				
							
			
		
						
				
				
				
									Established in the year 2006 at, Ludhiana (Punjab, India), “Nature’s Boon” is recognized as one of the most trusted Manufacturer and Supplier of high quality Personal care range of Products such as Face Wash, Hair Oil, Facial Kit,  Shampoo, Facial Skin Toner, Body Massage Oil, Hair Protein Cream, Face Scrub, Face Mask, Bath Salt, Tan Removal Cleansers, etc.In our journey of manufacturing, we have formulated & packaged for quality brands such as Luster Cosmetics, True Derma Essentials, Man Pride, Pukhraj Herbals, The Man Company, Glamveda, Skinnatura, Nuskhe By Paras, Studd Muffyn, Organic Essence, Taryansh Herbals, Swarn Sudha, V-Care, Natually, Snehaz Herbals, Vadic, Ayuline, Natural Veda, Ferns, AS Professionals etc.Our own products are marketed under the brand name “Luster Cosmetics, True Derma Essentials, Man Pride”. These offered products are processed using best quality ingredients and sophisticated processing technology. Our products are formulated as per the set industry norms and in compliance with international standards. These products are extensively admired among clients for their high quality standards, skin-friendliness, optimum purity level, longer shelf life and high effectiveness. Also, we offer products in various quantity and packaging options as per the varied needs of clients.								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
							
		
					
		
				
				
									We have established an advanced infrastructural base, which is further segmented into various sections like manufacturing, quality testing, sales & marketing, warehouse packaging, etc. These units help us manufacture and supply superior quality range of products in a streamlined and timely manner. Our products are packed using high quality material to protect them from damage during transit. Our team works in a sync to ensure smooth operations at every stage. We also strive hard to ensure that the offered products by us are exactly as per the requirement of our customers. In order to meet latest developments in the market, we facilitate essential changes at our infrastructure base. We have been successfully providing a flawless range to our clients with the help of our team of experienced professionals.Being a quality oriented company, we strive hard to manufacture premium quality products in order to ensure clients’ complete satisfaction. We have hired experienced quality controllers who monitor the complete process right from the procurement of the ingredients till the final dispatch of finished range. Our firm has built a strong reputation in the market to ensure foremost quality products. Moreover, we also keep our team abreast of the latest developments taking place in the industry with the help of training and seminar sessions.Under the leadership of our Founder & Mentor, Ms. Archana Dhingra, we have been able to touch new heights of success. His ethical approach and attention towards client satisfaction have contributed towards strengthening our position in this industry.