Title: Best Hair Serum Manufacturers in India

URL: https://naturesboon.net/best-hair-serum-manufacturers-in-india/

Best Hair Serum Manufacturers in India				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					What are Hair serums & how are they beneficial for hair?				
				
				
				
					What are Hair serums & how are they beneficial for hair?				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Hair Serum     				
				
				
				
									Hair serums, popular in India, come in liquid or gel form, serving as versatile hair care products. The best hair serum manufacturers in India have gained recognition for their expertise in crafting high-quality serums tailored to diverse hair types and concerns.Using hair serums has many benefits, from frizz control to heat protection, breakage reduction, and improved manageability, resulting in healthier, shinier hair.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Uses of Hair Serum				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									1. Frizz Control: In humid climates, hair serums help control frizz and maintain easy-to-manage hair.2. Shine Enhancement: These serums give your hair a healthy glow that looks glossy and colourful.3. Heat Protection: They protect hair from heat styling machines and stop overheating damage.4. Split End Repair: By keeping your hair healthier, hair serums can help minimize the appearance of split ends.5. Detangling: They minimize damage while untangling knots and make combing hair easy.6. Nourishment: They prevent wear and untangling knots and make combing hair easy.								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Benefits of Private Label Manufacturer of Hair Serum				
				
				
				
					Benefits of Private Label Manufacturer of Hair Serum				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									1. Quality Assurance: Collaborating with the top hair serum manufacturers in India ensures the highest quality product. These manufacturers usually possess a solid reputation and extensive experience making potent hair serums.2. Customization: You can make a distinctive product consistent with your brand identity by personalizing the recipe, aroma, and packaging of your hair serum with private label manufacturers.3. Cost-Effective: Producing your hair serum can be costly due to research, development, and production expenses. Because of their economies of scale, private label manufacturers may produce goods at lower costs.4. Speed to Market: With their pre-existing formulas and production capabilities, private label manufacturers can expedite the time it takes to launch your product. This flexibility may offer your company a competitive advantage.5. Scalability: Private label manufacturers can scale up production to match demand as your business expands, guaranteeing a steady supply of your goods.								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
									6. Regulatory Compliance: Due to their familiarity with regulatory requirements, reputable private label manufacturers ensure that your product satisfies all safety and quality standards.7. Branding Opportunity: You will save time and money by leaving the manufacturing process to professionals and concentrating on branding, marketing, and distribution.8. Expertise: Leveraging the expertise of established manufacturers ensures that your hair serum is formulated using the latest industry trends and scientific advancements.9. Reduced Risk: Partnering with experienced manufacturers reduces the risks associated with product development and production, as they have already navigated these challenges.10. Market Expansion: A more effective hair serum in your product line will allow you to penetrate new markets and grow your clientele.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Demand for Hair Serum in India				
				
				
				
					Demand for Hair Serum in India				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
									Given the wide range of hair care requirements of the Indian populace, the need for hair serums has been continuously increasing. Choosing high-quality hair serums to address issues with frizz, dryness, and damage to their hair is becoming increasingly popular among Indian consumers. The following is a quick summary of the hair serum manufacturers in India:1. Rising Hair Concerns: With changing lifestyles and environmental factors, more people are experiencing hair-related problems. As a result, there has become a greater need for practical treatments like hair serums.2. Growing Awareness: Indian consumers are becoming more conscious of their hair care routines and are actively seeking products that can provide the best results. Hair serums are considered a crucial component of this regimen.3. All Hair Types: India’s diverse population has varying hair types, from straight to curly, and serums are versatile enough to cater to all of them. One of the main things fueling demand is this adaptability.4. Natural Ingredients: With a preference for natural and herbal products, consumers in India are looking for hair serums that contain organic and natural ingredients.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Due to growing consumer preferences and the advent of leading hair serum manufacturers in India, the demand for hair serums is rising. The industry is likely to keep expanding as more individuals become aware of the advantages of utilizing hair serums.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Top Effective Hair Ingredients that Promote Hair Health				
				
				
				
					Top Effective Hair Ingredients that Promote Hair Health				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Achieving luscious and healthy hair requires more than just using any hair product. Knowing the essential components that help to promote healthy hair is crucial. India’s top hair serum manufacturers know the secret to luxurious locks lies in the power of carefully chosen ingredients. To make excellent hair serums, let’s examine the most significant hair components.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									1. Argan Oil: A favourite among the best hair serum manufacturers in India, Argan oil is rich in vitamin E and essential fatty acids. Frizz is prevented, and a natural shine is encouraged by its ability to fortify and nourish hair.2. Biotin: B-vitamin is commonly included in high-quality hair serums and will make your hair healthier and more resilient. It also strengthens and supports hair follicles, which is another benefit.3. Keratin: Damaged Hair becomes more robust and supple thanks to keratin, an essential protein in hair. Many top hair serums in India contain keratin to improve hair texture and manageability.4. Vitamin C: Well renowned for its antioxidant properties, vitamin C stimulates collagen production on the scalp, hence promoting hair growth. It also protects hair from free radicals, which can be harmful.								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
									5. Aloe Vera: Renowned for its soothing and moisturizing properties, aloe vera hydrates the hair and scalp, reducing dryness and dandruff and helping hair look more vibrant.6. Jojoba Oil: Jojoba oil is lightweight, quickly absorbed, and moisturizes hair without leaving it greasy. It is a popular ingredient in serums that add shine and reduce frizz.7. Ginseng Extract: Ginseng increases blood flow to the scalp, which strengthens and promotes the development of hair follicles. It is a necessary ingredient in serums used to stop hair loss.8. Hyaluronic Acid: The component is good for skin and hair. It lessens breakage, increases hair elasticity, and aids in moisture retention.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Advantages Offered By Ayurvedic Hair Serum Manufacturers in India				
				
				
				
					Advantages Offered By Ayurvedic Hair Serum Manufacturers in India				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Ayurvedic hair serum manufacturers in India offer a range of advantages for consumers seeking the best hair care products. For several strong reasons, these businesses have established themselves as among India’s leading manufacturers of hair serums.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									1. Cost-Effective: Ayurvedic hair serum manufacturers often use natural ingredients sourced locally, reducing production costs. Due to this, they can offer premium products at reasonable prices. Affordable solutions that maintain quality benefit customers.2. Enhanced Productivity: Many of the best hair serum manufacturers in India employ state-of-the-art manufacturing processes to increase their productivity. This ensures a steady supply of hair serums to meet the market’s demands. Customers may rely on consistent availability.3. Functional Benefits: Ayurvedic hair serums are known for their functional benefits. To promote hair health, nourish the scalp, and cure common issues like split ends, dandruff, and hair loss, herbal extracts and oils are utilized in their composition. Customers value the all-inclusive approach to hair care.								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Making Process of Natural Hair Serums				
				
				
				
					Making Process of Natural Hair Serums				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Ingredients Selection:• First, top hair serum manufacturers in India carefully choose premium natural ingredients, such as oils, extracts, and vitamins. Nutrient-dense substances such as biotin, coconut, and argan oil are recommended for optimal outcomes.Blending:• Precious amounts of carefully chosen components are integrated. The secret lies in the perfect blend, which can only be mastered by the best hair serum manufacturers in India.Emulsification:• Emulation is an essential process for manufacturing a stable and long-lasting composition since it involves blending the water and oil components flawlessly.Preservation:• Natural hair serums include a gentle preservative system to prevent spoilage and maintain quality over time.								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
									Fragrance and Texture:• While manufacturing a smooth, non-greasy texture, manufacturers add scents and essential oils to give the serum a pleasing aroma.Quality Control:• Stringent quality control measures ensure the final product meets the highest standards set by the top hair serum manufacturers in India.Packaging:• The serum is thoughtfully packaged in UV-protective bottles to maintain its potency.Final Words: Natural hair serums, created through this meticulous process by the best hair serum manufacturers in India, offer a powerful solution for healthier and shinier hair. They use a combination of medical knowledge and the kindness of nature to cure a wide range of hair concerns.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					What makes Nature's Boon the Leading Hair Serum Manufacturer in India?				
				
				
				
					What makes Nature's Boon the Leading Hair Serum Manufacturer in India?				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
							
			
		
						
				
				
				
									Because of its persistent dedication to quality and innovation, Nature’s Boon distinguishes itself as the leading hair serum manufacturer in India. Nature’s Boon uses state-of-the-art formulae, natural ingredients, and a deep comprehension of customer needs to provide effective hair serums.Their goods are the ideal fusion of science and nature because they don’t include any parabens or potentially harmful substances. The company’s cutting-edge production facilities ensure robust quality control, and its commitment to research and development means that novel therapies for a range of hair problems will be developed.Cheerful customer reviews attesting to the effectiveness of Nature’s Boon’s serums help to strengthen their reputation. By choosing Nature’s Boon, you select a hair care partner who puts quality, well-being, and the expertise of nature first.If you are looking for the best body lotion manufacturers in India or best beard oil manufacturers In India then Google and check for the best.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Our Testimonials				
				
				
				
									Customer satisfaction is absolutely essential to us, so we’d appreciate hearing on your most recent service experience!We would greatly appreciate a brief Google review letting us understand how we did.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
							      EXCELLENT     Based on 9 reviews                    Posted on         Mehar 8427532286     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Highly professional and excellent service with very hygienic environment by natures boon         Posted on         Harsimran Kaur     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. They provide the best products and services and even this is a very good platform for anyone who needs a manufacturer for their brand.         Posted on         Harjot Singh     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. One of the things I loved about this company is that they provided comprehensive services, eliminating the need for multiple vendors.         Posted on         Shivam Bhasiin     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Product Range (5/5)
They offers an extensive range of cosmetics, spanning from exquisite skincare formulations to stunning skin care essentials. Their products are curated with utmost precision, catering to diverse needs and preferences.         Posted on         Karamjot Singh     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Excellent packaging, awesome quality,very nice follow ups .         Posted on         Ankita Mahajan     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. I'm truly impressed by the exquisite product range they offer, and I have a special fondness for their facial kits.         Posted on         Jass Verma     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Awesome team that's been helping us bring our products to life.              
						
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Freequently Asked Questions (FAQ's)				
				
				
				
					Freequently Asked Questions (FAQ's)				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
							
							
					
												
															
								
													
												1. Why hair serum is important?
					

					Hair serum is important as it offers multiple benefits, like reducing frizz, adding shine, protecting from heat, and improving manageability. It creates a protective layer, enhancing hair health and appearance.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												2. Do hair growth serums work?
					

					Hair growth serums may promote healthier hair by stimulating follicles and improving blood circulation. Individual results vary, so consistent use and realistic expectations are important for potential benefits.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												3. Can I use hair serum to repair split ends?
					

					While hair serums can temporarily improve the appearance of split ends by providing a smoothing effect, they can’t fully repair them. Trimming is the most effective solution for split ends.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												4. Is a hair serum suitable for all hair types?
					

					Hair serums are typically appropriate for diverse hair types, encompassing straight, curly, and wavy textures. Select a serum tailored to your hair requirements to achieve the best possible outcomes.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												5. Can I apply hair serum on wet hair?
					

					Yes, you can apply hair serum on wet hair. Gently towel-dry your hair first, then evenly distribute a small amount of serum through the lengths and ends for effective results.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												6. Can hair serums prevent frizz and improve hair manageability?
					

					Yes, hair serums can help prevent frizz and enhance hair manageability by smoothing the cuticle and providing a protective barrier. Apply a small amount evenly for the best results.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												7. How should I store the hair serum to ensure its effectiveness?
					

					Store the hair serum in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight and extreme temperatures. Keep the cap tightly closed to prevent air and moisture exposure, ensuring the serum’s effectiveness.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												8. Can I use hair serum on children's hair?
					

					Yes, you can use hair serum on children’s hair. Choose a gentle, child-friendly formula and apply it sparingly to avoid weighing down their hair. Always prioritize safety and consult a paediatrician if unsure.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												9. How much hair serum to use for optimal results?
					

					For optimal results, apply a small amount of hair serum, typically a dime-sized quantity, and evenly distribute through damp or dry hair, focusing on mid-lengths to ends. Avoid over-application.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												10. Which company provides the best hair serum manufacturing in India?
					

					Nature’s Boon is recognized for manufacturing quality hair serums in India. Their products are well-regarded for their natural ingredients and effective results. However, the “best” company may vary depending on individual preferences, so it’s worth considering various options before making a choice.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												11. What is the difference between hair serum and hair oil?
					

					Hair serum is typically a lightweight, non-greasy product that provides shine, smoothness and tames frizz. Hair oil, on the other hand, is a thicker, oil-based product that primarily nourishes and conditions the hair and scalp.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												12. Which firm manufactures the best hair serum in India?
					

					Several third-party cosmetic manufacturing companies in India offer customized hair serum production, such as Nature’s Boon, Ravon India Cosmetics, Kazima Cosmetics and Vive Cosmetics. You can contact them for more information.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												13. Which cosmetic third-party manufacturing company offers customized hair serum in India?
					

					Several third-party cosmetic manufacturing companies in India offer customized hair serum production, such as Nature’s Boon, Ravon India Cosmetics, Kazima Cosmetics and Vive Cosmetics. You can contact them for more information.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												14. What are the benefits of hair serum?
					

					Hair serum benefits include reducing frizz, adding shine, protecting hair from heat damage, and improving manageability. Some serums also contain ingredients to nourish and strengthen hair.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												15. Does serum help in hair growth?
					

					Hair serums are primarily designed to improve hair’s appearance and manageability. While they may help prevent breakage and split ends, they are not typically formulated for promoting hair growth.
				
							
					
												
															
								
													
												16. What is the minimum order quantity for hair serum?
					

					The minimum order quantity for hair serum can vary among manufacturers and suppliers, but it typically ranges from 500 to 1000 units or more. Be sure to inquire with the specific manufacturer you’re interested in for their MOQ.
				
										{"@context":"https:\/\/schema.org","@type":"FAQPage","mainEntity":[{"@type":"Question","name":"1. Why hair serum is important?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Hair serum is important as it offers multiple benefits, like reducing frizz, adding shine, protecting from heat, and improving manageability. It creates a protective layer, enhancing hair health and appearance.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"2. Do hair growth serums work?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p style=\"margin: 0cm;\"><span lang=\"EN-US\" style=\"color: #0e101a;\">Hair growth serums may promote healthier hair by stimulating follicles and improving blood circulation. Individual results vary, so consistent use and realistic expectations are important for potential benefits.<br \/><\/span><\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"3. Can I use hair serum to repair split ends?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p style=\"margin: 0cm;\"><span lang=\"EN-US\" style=\"color: #0e101a;\">While hair serums can temporarily improve the appearance of split ends by providing a smoothing effect, they can&#8217;t fully repair them. Trimming is the most effective solution for split ends.<br \/><\/span><\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"4. Is a hair serum suitable for all hair types?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p style=\"margin: 0cm;\"><span lang=\"EN-US\" style=\"color: #0e101a;\">Hair serums are typically appropriate for diverse hair types, encompassing straight, curly, and wavy textures. Select a serum tailored to your hair requirements to achieve the best possible outcomes.<br \/><\/span><\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"5. Can I apply hair serum on wet hair?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Yes, you can apply hair serum on wet hair. Gently towel-dry your hair first, then evenly distribute a small amount of serum through the lengths and ends for effective results.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"6. Can hair serums prevent frizz and improve hair manageability?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Yes, hair serums can help prevent frizz and enhance hair manageability by smoothing the cuticle and providing a protective barrier. Apply a small amount evenly for the best results.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"7. How should I store the hair serum to ensure its effectiveness?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Store the hair serum in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight and extreme temperatures. Keep the cap tightly closed to prevent air and moisture exposure, ensuring the serum&#8217;s effectiveness.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"8. Can I use hair serum on children's hair?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Yes, you can use hair serum on children&#8217;s hair. Choose a gentle, child-friendly formula and apply it sparingly to avoid weighing down their hair. Always prioritize safety and consult a paediatrician if unsure.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"9. How much hair serum to use for optimal results?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>For optimal results, apply a small amount of hair serum, typically a dime-sized quantity, and evenly distribute through damp or dry hair, focusing on mid-lengths to ends. Avoid over-application.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"10. Which company provides the best hair serum manufacturing in India?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Nature&#8217;s Boon is recognized for manufacturing quality hair serums in India. Their products are well-regarded for their natural ingredients and effective results. However, the &#8220;best&#8221; company may vary depending on individual preferences, so it&#8217;s worth considering various options before making a choice.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"11. What is the difference between hair serum and hair oil?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Hair serum is typically a lightweight, non-greasy product that provides shine, smoothness and tames frizz. Hair oil, on the other hand, is a thicker, oil-based product that primarily nourishes and conditions the hair and scalp.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"12. Which firm manufactures the best hair serum in India?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Several third-party cosmetic manufacturing companies in India offer customized hair serum production, such as Nature&#8217;s Boon, Ravon India Cosmetics, Kazima Cosmetics and Vive Cosmetics. You can contact them for more information.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"13. Which cosmetic third-party manufacturing company offers customized hair serum in India?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Several third-party cosmetic manufacturing companies in India offer customized hair serum production, such as Nature&#8217;s Boon, Ravon India Cosmetics, Kazima Cosmetics and Vive Cosmetics. You can contact them for more information.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"14. What are the benefits of hair serum?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Hair serum benefits include reducing frizz, adding shine, protecting hair from heat damage, and improving manageability. Some serums also contain ingredients to nourish and strengthen hair.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"15. Does serum help in hair growth?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>Hair serums are primarily designed to improve hair&#8217;s appearance and manageability. While they may help prevent breakage and split ends, they are not typically formulated for promoting hair growth.<\/p>"}},{"@type":"Question","name":"16. What is the minimum order quantity for hair serum?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"<p>The minimum order quantity for hair serum can vary among manufacturers and suppliers, but it typically ranges from 500 to 1000 units or more. Be sure to inquire with the specific manufacturer you&#8217;re interested in for their MOQ.<\/p>"}}]}
					
						
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					List of Best Hair Serum Manufacturers in India				
				
				
				
					List of Best Hair Serum Manufacturers in India				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									If you’re searching for best hair serum manufacturers in India, look no further. We have compiled an informative list of excellent choices for you based on our extensive research. Numerous premium hair serums are available from these producers, both in bulk and as customized goods. With the knowledge you now possess, you may create beneficial hair serums that meet the preferences and requirements of your customers. Get ready to satisfy client demand and please them with amazing hair care products.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
							
			
			    
			        
									            
														Name
			        				            
														Address
			        				            
														Phone No.
			        				            
														Services
			        				        
			    
			  	
											
																   											
												
													Nature’s Boon												
											
																													   											
												
													Pakhowal Rd, adjoining Britannica International School, Thakkarwal, Ludhiana, Punjab 141013												
											
																													   											
												
													07696771693												
											
																													   											
												
													Manufacturer, Supplier of Hair Oil , Facial Kit, Herbal Shampoo												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Ravon India Cosmetics												
											
																													   											
												
													B No. H-85, Sector-03, DSIDC, DSIIDC Industrial Area, Delhi, 110039												
											
																													   											
												
													09999933373												
											
																													   											
												
													Health & Beauty Products Manufacturers												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Kazima Cosmetics												
											
																													   											
												
													Plot No 309, Patparganj Industrial Area, Patparganj, Delhi, 110092												
											
																													   											
												
													09899079508												
											
																													   											
												
													Manufacturer of Hair oil, Shampoo, Conditioner, Cream, Cold Cream, Face Wash, Scrub, Hair Serum, Face Serum, Massage Oil, Aloe Vera Gel, Spray Perfume etc.												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Jainsons Herbo Labs Pvt. Ltd.												
											
																													   											
												
													A-75, Ramprastha Colony, Block A, Surya Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh 201011												
											
																													   											
												
													09315266692												
											
																													   											
												
													Cosmetic Products Manufacturer												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Corlin Herbals Opc Pvt Ltd												
											
																													   											
												
													Pragati Market, C-2/7, Community Center, Phase 2, Ashok Vihar, Delhi, 110052												
											
																													   											
												
													09911007996												
											
																													   											
												
													Manufacturer and Exporter of Hair Care and Skin Care products												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Sesderma India Private Limited												
											
																													   											
												
													TOWER-B, GLOBAL BUSINESS PARK, Unit No. 02, Ground Floor, Mehrauli-Gurgaon Rd, Gurugram, Haryana 122002												
											
																													   											
												
													09599691116												
											
																													   											
												
													Cosmetic and Skincare Manufacturers												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Bo International												
											
																													   											
												
													884, Udyog Vihar Phase V, Phase V, Udyog Vihar, Sector 19, Gurugram, Haryana 122016												
											
																													   											
												
													08000055177												
											
																													   											
												
													Manufacturers of Skin Care, Hair Care, Body Care, Men’s Grooming etc.												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Braxxon india												
											
																													   											
												
													B-76, ,DSIIDC, DSIIDC Industrial Area, Sector 3, Delhi, 110039												
											
																													   											
												
													08920298124												
											
																													   											
												
													Manufacturer and Exporter of Hair Oil and Cosmetics Products												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Cosmetify
												
											
																													   											
												
													Plot no 396, Industrial Area Phase 1, Panchkula, Haryana 134109												
											
																													   											
												
													06283834316												
											
																													   											
												
													Skincare, Haircare & Personal Care Cosmetics Manufacturers etc.												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Vive Cosmetics
												
											
																													   											
												
													Plot No. 773, Sector 82, JLPL, Ind. Area, Mohali, Punjab												
											
																													   											
												
													08699748774												
											
																													   											
												
													Skin Care Products, Hair Care Products, Men Grooming, Baby Care Products etc.												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													HCP Wellness
												
											
																													   											
												
													403, Maruti Vertex Elanza, Sindhu Bhavan Road, opp. Global Hospital, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 380054												
											
																													   											
												
													09723455627												
											
																													   											
												
													Oral Care Tooth Paste, Skin & Hair Care, Baby Care, Essential Oil Product etc.												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Spatz Cosmeceutical
												
											
																													   											
												
													Plot No. 8, Satellite Estate, Kathwada, Road, Kathwada-Singarva Rd, behind Kathwada GIDC, Singarwa, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 382430												
											
																													   											
												
													08048607610												
											
																													   											
												
													Hair Care Product Manufacturer and Exporter etc.												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													
Lifevision Cosmetics
												
											
																													   											
												
													Bagbania, Himachal Pradesh 174102												
											
																													   											
												
													09815878630												
											
																													   											
												
													Manufacturer and Exporter of Hair Care and Cosmetics Products etc.												
											
																										
			        						
																   											
												
													Dev Care
												
											
																													   											
												
													9/10, Sai Industrial Estate, Near Dada Bhagawan Mandir, NH No.8, Navagam, Kamrej, Gujarat												
											
																													   											
												
													09879890922												
											
																													   											
												
													Manufacturer of Cosmetics & Herbal Products, Hand Wash, Hair Shampoo & Face Wash etc.												
											
																										
			        			    
			
		
	  					
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Top 14 Hair Serum Manufacturers in India				
				
				
				
					Top 14 Hair Serum Manufacturers in India				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Nature's Boon				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Established in the year 2006 in Ludhiana (Punjab, India), “Nature’s Boon” is recognized as one of the most trusted Manufacturers and Supplier of high-quality Personal care range of Products such as Face Wash, Hair Oil, Facial Kit, Shampoo, Facial Skin Toner, Body Massage Oil, Hair Protein Cream, Face Scrub, Face Mask, Bath Salt, Tan Removal Cleansers, etc. We have been rated India’s Best Third Party contract cosmetics products manufacturer.Services: Manufacturer, Supplier of Hair Oil , Facial Kit, Herbal ShampooCall: 076967 71693								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Ravon India Cosmetics				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									One of India’s biggest and oldest B2B e-commerce platforms, Ravon India Cosmetics brings together buyers and suppliers to build a customer-driven value chain for all types of businesses, including SMEs, major corporations, and individuals.By bringing organizations from all over the world together on a single platform to connect and conduct business efficiently, safely, and effectively, we integrate them into global value chains.Services: Health & Beauty Products ManufacturersCall: 099999 33373								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Kazima Cosmetics				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Kazima Cosmetics is a well-known maker of a variety of cosmetic products, including hair oil, shampoo, conditioner, cream, cold cream, face wash, scrub, hair serum, face serum, massage oil, aloe vera gel, spray perfume, Indian attars, essential oils, aromatherapy oils, and carrier oils.Services: Manufacturer of Hair oil, Shampoo, Conditioner, Cream, Cold Cream, Face Wash, Scrub, Hair Serum, Face Serum, Massage Oil, Aloe Vera Gel, Spray Perfume etc.Call: 098990 79508								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Jainsons Herbo Labs Pvt. Ltd.				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Jainsons Herbo Labs Pvt. Ltd. has been active in the journey of beauty for more than 20 years. The tiny business, established in 1995 and located in Delhi, the nation’s capital, has grown to become India’s top cosmetic firm. Significant releases, purchases, launching new subsidiaries… Relive the company’s journey’s high points.To address market demand, Jainsons Herbo Labs Pvt. Ltd. was founded in an excise-free zone in Pantnagar, Uttrakhand, in the year 2007. The corporation’s business was expanding daily to meet the rising demand.Services: Cosmetic Products ManufacturerCall: 093152 66692								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Corlin Herbals Opc Pvt Ltd				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									With over 20 years of expertise in providing top-notch goods & services with established efficacy, Corlin Herbals is one of India’s leading producers and exporters of hair care and skin care products. They have focused all their attention and effort on the business of BEAUTY.Services: Manufacturer and Exporter of Hair Care and Skin Care productsCall: 099110 07996								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Sesderma India Private Limited				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Sesderma India Private Limited’s objective is to satisfy consumer demands by providing specialized products for all skin types designed to improve quality of life. As a result, they engage in comprehensive dermatology that incorporates client input and technological innovation. Their motto summarises this mission: Listen to your skin. Sesderma listens to people’s skin and then hears the people by listening to their skin.Based on their commitment to continual development, their dedicated R&D department and global reach have elevated them to market benchmark status for dermatological goods. They produce cutting-edge skincare technology.Services: Cosmetic and Skincare ManufacturersCall: 095996 91116								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Bo International				
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
									Bo International is the largest manufacturer of cosmetics for personal care that has established a presence abroad with a range of products and services. They provide a wide range of services, such as developing custom formulae, private-label manufacturing, and producing natural butter and essential oils. Bring your requirements to us, and we’ll handle the rest with specialised production and packaging services.Services: Manufacturers of Skin Care, Hair Care, Body Care, Men’s Grooming etc.Call: 080000 55177								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Braxxon india				
				
				
				
									As a top manufacturer and supplier of high-quality hair oils and cosmetics goods, Braxxon India is proud of its accomplishments. Their wide selection is intended to accentuate your inherent beauty and the health of your hair. They deliver you items that are the ideal fusion of heritage and innovation because to their dedication to excellence. With Braxxon India, you may enhance your beauty routine and enjoy their services.Services: Manufacturer and Exporter of Hair Oil and Cosmetics ProductsCall: 089202 98124								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Cosmetify				
				
				
				
									Cosmetify is a ground-breaking invention in private labelling and contract manufacturing for skin care, hair care, and personal hygiene products. They concluded that, given the shifting landscape of the cosmeceutical industry and the production expertise in contract manufacturing, it is imperative to reinvent the current product lineup.Services: Skincare, Haircare & Personal Care Cosmetics Manufacturers etc.Call: 062838 34316								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Vive Cosmetics				
				
				
				
									Vive Cosmetics offers fabulous hair care products, such as conditioners, oils, serums, and shampoos. Therefore, consider working with our organization if you’re looking for private-label hair serum in India for a new business endeavour. They guarantee premium pricing for the hair serum in the Indian cosmetics industry. Join them immediately, as they are the top Indian manufacturer of hair serums.Services: Skin Care Products, Hair Care Products, Men Grooming, Baby Care Products etc.Call: 086997 48774								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					HCP Wellness				
				
				
				
									HCP Wellness offers an extensive range of hair serums, some of which are Hair Growth Serum, Dry Hair Serum, Keratin Hair Serum, Argan Oil Hair Serum, Minoxidil Hair Serum, Redensyl Hair Serum, and Herbal Hair Serum. In India, HCP Wellness is a prominent producer of hair growth serum. This is a result of the large assortment of excellent hair serums.Services: Oral Care Tooth Paste, Skin & Hair Care, Baby Care, Essential Oil Product etc.Call: 097234 55627 								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Spatz Cosmeceutical				
				
				
				
									One of the leading producers and exporters of a broad variety of cosmetic face products, Spatz Cosmeceutical Inc. was founded in 2012. High-quality face packs, face washes, bath soaps, skin creams, hair oils, and many more items are part of our product lineup. The things that are being sold are made from pure, non-toxic components.Services: Hair Care Product Manufacturer and Exporter etc.Call: 080 4860 7610								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Lifevision Cosmetics				
				
				
				
									The infrastructure and expertise of Lifevision Cosmetics are adequate to enable the large-scale production of Hair Growth Serum. Lifevision Cosmetics offers specialized services along with hair serums that are 100% natural and effective. Numerous other topical, cosmetic, and derma products are also included.Services: Manufacturer and Exporter of Hair Care and Cosmetics Products etc.Call: 098158 78630								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Dev Care				
				
				
				
									As a leading producer of cosmetics and personal hygiene products, Dev Care is dedicated to offering its global clientele innovative and aesthetically pleasing goods. Only Dev Care produces and exports its whole line of herbal and cosmetic products from India. Dev Care believes that it will remain the best in the foreseeable future in terms of quality, consistency, and prompt delivery.Services: Manufacturer of Cosmetics & Herbal Products, Hand Wash, Hair Shampoo & Face Wash etc.Call: 098798 90922