Title: Home - Natures Boon

URL: https://naturesboon.net/#hsoverlay-close

firstHome PageHome PageHome Page                    

                                    
            
        
         
						
				
					
		
					
		
				
							
							
					
			
						
							
							
					
			
						
				
																														
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
					About Us				
				
				
				
									Established in the year 2006 at, Ludhiana (Punjab, India), “Nature’s Boon” is recognized as one of the most trusted Manufacturer and Supplier of high quality Personal care range of Products such as Face Wash, Hair Oil, Facial Kit,  Shampoo, Facial Skin Toner, Body Massage Oil, Hair Protein Cream, Face Scrub, Face Mask, Bath Salt, Tan Removal Cleansers, etc. We have been rated as best third party contract cosmetics products manufacturers in IndiaIn our journey of manufacturing, we have formulated & packaged for quality brands such as Luster Cosmetics, True Derma Essentials, Man Pride, Pukhraj Herbals, The Man Company, Glamveda, Skinnatura, Nuskhe By Paras, Studd Muffyn, Organic Essence, Taryansh Herbals, Swarn Sudha, V-Care, Natually, Snehaz Herbals, Vadic, Ayuline, Natural Veda, Ferns, AS Professionals etc.Our own products are marketed under the brand name “Luster Cosmetics, True Derma Essentials, Man Pride”. These offered products are processed using best quality ingredients and sophisticated processing technology. Our products are formulated as per the set industry norms and in compliance with international standards. These products are extensively admired among clients for their high quality standards, skin-friendliness, optimum purity level, longer shelf life and high effectiveness. Also, we offer products in various quantity and packaging options as per the varied needs of clients.If you are looking for the best shampoo manufacturers in India or the best body lotion manufacturers in India then you are at the right place								
				
					
		
					
		
				
				
									
					
						
									Know More
					
					
				
								
				
					
		
					
		
				
							
							
					
			
						
				
					Our Services				
				
				
						
					
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Label & Packaging Designing            
            Label and packaging designing for Natures Boon is an essential aspect of the company’s overall branding and marketing strategy.        
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Customised Finished Product            
            A personal care product’s design must take into account a variety of factors in order to satisfy market demand.        
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Trademark + Logo            
            Natures Boon takes great care in creating a trademark and logo that effectively represents the company and its products and helps to establish the company’s brand identity and build customer trust.        
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Digital Marketing            
            Natures Boon understands the importance of finding the right agency that can effectively promote their client’s products and services to their target audience.        
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
					
		
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Our Testimonials				
				
				
				
									Customer satisfaction is absolutely essential to us, so we’d appreciate hearing on your most recent service experience!We would greatly appreciate a brief Google review letting us understand how we did.								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
							      EXCELLENT     Based on 9 reviews                    Posted on         Mehar 8427532286     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Highly professional and excellent service with very hygienic environment by natures boon         Posted on         Harsimran Kaur     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. They provide the best products and services and even this is a very good platform for anyone who needs a manufacturer for their brand.         Posted on         Harjot Singh     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. One of the things I loved about this company is that they provided comprehensive services, eliminating the need for multiple vendors.         Posted on         Shivam Bhasiin     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Product Range (5/5)
They offers an extensive range of cosmetics, spanning from exquisite skincare formulations to stunning skin care essentials. Their products are curated with utmost precision, catering to diverse needs and preferences.         Posted on         Karamjot Singh     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Excellent packaging, awesome quality,very nice follow ups .         Posted on         Ankita Mahajan     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. I'm truly impressed by the exquisite product range they offer, and I have a special fondness for their facial kits.         Posted on         Jass Verma     Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Awesome team that's been helping us bring our products to life.              
						
				
					
		
					
		
				
							
							
					
			
						
				
					Our Accomplishments				
				
				
						
					
			
						
				
							
			
						
		
						
				
				
				
					15+				
				
				
				
									Years of experience in Contract & Private Label Manufacturing								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
							
			
						
		
						
				
				
				
					65+				
				
				
				
									Strong Family								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
							
			
						
		
						
				
				
				
					200+				
				
				
				
									SKUs Produced Annually 								
				
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
							
			
						
		
						
				
				
				
					75+				
				
				
				
									Products Developed by Inhouse R&D								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
							
			
						
		
						
				
				
				
					20+				
				
				
				
									Happy Clients								
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
							
			
						
		
						
				
				
				
					750+				
				
				
				
									Tones of Annual Capacity 								
				
					
		
					
		
					
		
					
		
				
							
							
					
			
						
				
					Our Products				
				
					
		
					
		
				
							
							
					
			
						
						
					
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Men's Grooming            
            Beard Oil, Hair Wax        
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Body & Personal Care             
            Body Lotion, Hand & Foot Care, Lip Care, Body Wash, Roll on Deodorant, Hair Removal Wax, Body Scrub, Body Cream        
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Hair Care             
            Hair Shampoo, Hair Oil, Hair Serum        
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
				
			
						
				
					        
	            

                            
            
            
            
        
            
                    
                Skin Care             
            Face wash, Facial Kit, Face Serum, Face Cream, DTan, Face Scrub, Face Mist Skin Toner, Cleansing Milk, Moisturizer, SPF, Face Pack & Mask, Massage Cream         
            
                                                Know More
                            
        
            
            

						
				
					
		
					
		
					
		
					
		
				
						
					
			
						
				
					Our Clients				
				
				
				
									
    #lgx_lsw_preloader_2508 {
        display: flex;
        align-items: center;
        justify-content: center;
        text-align: center;
        background: #ffffff;
        z-index: 9999;
        position: absolute;
        left: 0;
        top: 0;
        height: 100%;
        width: 100%;
    }